Added requirements for connectivity and sms (#1137)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/administration-bundle/changing-settings.md

<a name="properties"></a>
### Managing the properties library

{{< c8y-admon-req >}}

> ROLES & PERMISSIONS:

Author: I only found this sentence and moved it into the requirements section. I didn´t find any info which team is responsible for the properties library.

Reviewer: This looks ok from my perspective. Properties lib belong to Platform team.

<a name="sms-provider"></a>

> ### Providing SMS provider credentials

Author: @l2p- Please have this reviewed and if needed enhanced by your team.

{{< c8y-admon-req >}}
ROLES & PERMISSIONS:

To view SMS provider configurations: READ permission for the permission type "SMS"

> To modify SMS provider configurations: ADMIN permission for the permission type "SMS"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set or remove SMS provider configurations: ADMIN permission for the permission type "SMS"
```

<a name="connectivity"></a>
### Managing the connectivity settings

{{< c8y-admon-req >}}

> ROLES & PERMISSIONS:

Author: @l2p- Please have this reviewed and if needed enhanced by your team.

The **Connectivity** menu item is only available if you are logged in to the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform as administrator and if you have READ or ADMIN permission for the permission type "Connectivity".

To view connectivity settings: READ permission for the permission type "Connectivity"

> To add or replace credentials: ADMIN permission for the permission type "Connectivity"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set or remove connectivity provider configuration: ADMIN permission for the permission type "Connectivity"
```

> To set or remove connectivity provider configuration: ADMIN permission for the permission type "Connectivity"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To set or remove connectivity provider configurations: ADMIN permission for the permission type "Connectivity"
```
